#font.family : serif
mathtext.fontset : cm

text.usetex : True
#text.hinting_factor : 8
text.latex.preamble : \usepackage{amssymb}\usepackage{amsmath}

xtick.labelsize : xx-large
xtick.direction : out
ytick.labelsize : xx-large
ytick.direction : out

xtick.major.size : 5
ytick.major.size : 5
xtick.major.width : 2
ytick.major.width : 2

axes.xmargin : 0.
axes.edgecolor : C0C0C0
axes.formatter.use_mathtext: False
axes.grid : True
axes.titlesize : x-large
axes.labelsize : large
axes.labelweight : bold

lines.linewidth : 3
lines.markersize : 11
lines.markeredgecolor : grey
lines.markeredgewidth  : 4
lines.antialiased : True

scatter.edgecolors : grey
scatter.marker : o  


grid.alpha : 0.3

backend : Agg

image.cmap : plasma
image.origin : lower
image.aspect : auto
image.interpolation : bicubic

legend.fancybox : True
legend.framealpha : 0.6
legend.fontsize : xx-large
legend.handletextpad : 0.3
legend.markerscale   : 0.8
legend.handlelength : 0.7
legend.handleheight  : 0.7

figure.autolayout : True
figure.figsize : 5, 5
